**INTERDIGITAL LABS PUBLIC LICENSE v.1**<br>
THIS INTERDIGITAL LABS PUBLIC LICENSE PROVIDES THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION OF THE ACCOMPANYING INTERDIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. SOFTWARE.  ANY USE, REPRODUCTION, DISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT’S ACCEPTANCE OF THE LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

**1.	Definitions.**<br>
“Affiliate” of an entity shall mean any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is in common control with such entity. For the purposes of this definition, “control” means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.<br>
“License” shall mean the terms and conditions set forth in this document.<br>
“Licensor” shall mean InterDigital Communications, Inc.<br>
“You” (or “Your”) shall mean an individual or entity exercising permissions granted by this License.<br>
“Source” form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.<br>
“Object” form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.<br>
“Work” shall mean Licensor’s accompanying software or work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice (an example is provided in the Appendix below) that is included in or attached to the software or work.<br>
“Derivative Works” shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.<br>
“Licensed Claims” shall mean patent claims owned and licensable by Licensor that are necessarily infringed by the Work. Licensed Claims expressly excluded any claims that would be infringed only as a consequence of modification of the Work.<br>
**2.	Grant of Copyright License.**<br>
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this License) license, solely under Licensor’s copyrights in the Work, to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.<br>
**3.	Grant of Patent License.**<br>
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants to You a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this License) license under the Licensed Claims to make, have made and use the Work, solely for non-commercial, internal study, testing and research purposes.<br>
**4.	FRAND Commitment.**<br>
If You wish to use the Work for any purpose other than non-commercial, internal study, testing and research, then You commit to negotiate a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-assignable license of the Licensed Claims with Licensor on Fair, Reasonable and Non-Discriminatory (“FRAND”) terms and conditions for the  use of the Work by (i) You or any of Your downstream distributors or customers, and (ii) Your affiliates, or any of their downstream distributors or customers.<br>
**5.	License Limitations.**<br>
Title and ownership of the Work remains with Licensor, and You acquire no right, title or interest to the Work except for copyright license granted in Section 2 and patent license granted in Section 3. You agree that except for the copyright license granted in Section 2 and patent license granted in Section 3, this Agreement does not grant, provide or convey any other rights, immunities, or interest in or to any intellectual property rights of Licensor or its Affiliates whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise.<br>
If You or any of your Affiliates institute patent litigation against Licensor or any of its Affiliates, then the licenses granted to You under sections 2 and 3 of this License shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.<br>
**6.	Redistribution.**<br>
Subject to terms and conditions set forth in sections 2 and 3, You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:<br>
  -1. You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License; and<br>
  -2. You must cause any modified files by You to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files; and<br>
  -3. You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and<br>
  -4. If the Work includes a “NOTICE” text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License.<br>
You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.<br>
**7.	Trademarks.**<br>
This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.<br>
**8.	Disclaimer of Warranty.**<br>
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with your exercise of permissions under this License.<br>
**9.	Limitation of Liability.**<br>
In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall Licensor or its Affiliates be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of Your use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if Licensor or its Affiliate has been advised of the possibility of such damages.<br>
**10.	Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability.**<br>
While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of Licensor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Licensor and its Affiliates harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, Licensor or its Affiliates by reason of Your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.<br>
**11.	Applicable Law.**<br>
This License shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.<br>
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS<br>
